IT security or cybersecurity.
Now that's what really makes the headlines.
You see plenty of reported news about
high profile breaches like those occurring at Target,
Equifax, or government agencies.
You see TV shows and movies that extol hacking and cyber espionage.
That creates this mythos about the struggle between
bad actors versus good cybersecurity professionals.
There's some truth to that.
But a large part of cybersecurity is making sure that
your organization is effective and efficient.
Making sure that your protections work as expected,
cover gaps, and use resources wisely.
GRC acts as a support structure to do just that.
That's what makes GRC so important.